Pod Security Option support and Infra Inheritance changes (#12208)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-pod-create.1.md

If another pod with the same name already exists, replace and remove it.  The default is **false**.

#### **--security-opt**=*option*

Security Options

- `apparmor=unconfined` : Turn off apparmor confinement for the pod
- `apparmor=your-profile` : Set the apparmor confinement profile for the pod

- `label=user:USER`     : Set the label user for the pod processes
- `label=role:ROLE`     : Set the label role for the pod processes
- `label=type:TYPE`     : Set the label process type for the pod processes
- `label=level:LEVEL`   : Set the label level for the pod processes
- `label=filetype:TYPE` : Set the label file type for the pod files
- `label=disable`       : Turn off label separation for the pod

Note: Labeling can be disabled for all pods/containers by setting label=false in the **containers.conf** (`/etc/containers/containers.conf` or `$HOME/.config/containers/containers.conf`) file.

- `mask=/path/1:/path/2` : The paths to mask separated by a colon. A masked path
  cannot be accessed inside the containers within the pod.

- `no-new-privileges` : Disable container processes from gaining additional privileges

- `seccomp=unconfined` : Turn off seccomp confinement for the pod

> - `seccomp=profile.json` :  White listed syscalls seccomp Json file to be used as a seccomp filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `seccomp=profile.json` :  Whitelisted syscalls seccomp Json file to be used as a seccomp filter
```

- `proc-opts=OPTIONS` : Comma-separated list of options to use for the /proc mount. More details for the
  possible mount options are specified in the **proc(5)** man page.

- **unmask**=_ALL_ or _/path/1:/path/2_, or shell expanded paths (/proc/*): Paths to unmask separated by a colon. If set to **ALL**, it will unmask all the paths that are masked or made read only by default.
  The default masked paths are **/proc/acpi, /proc/kcore, /proc/keys, /proc/latency_stats, /proc/sched_debug, /proc/scsi, /proc/timer_list, /proc/timer_stats, /sys/firmware, and /sys/fs/selinux.**  The default paths that are read only are **/proc/asound, /proc/bus, /proc/fs, /proc/irq, /proc/sys, /proc/sysrq-trigger, /sys/fs/cgroup**.

Note: Labeling can be disabled for all containers by setting label=false in the **containers.conf** (`/etc/containers/containers.conf` or `$HOME/.config/containers/containers.conf`) file.

> 

Reviewer: You should add a link to the containers.conf man page in the SEE ALSO section
